another fish having a look this in his
run was not sure he talked yet
there you guys a nice man just like my
my my to jumploop
and that like another good-sized fish
no I got he's on this is a big one this
is a very big fish we're using very
heavy shark turn around we've gone into
the stuff that the pros at the using so
uh this guy gets off I'm gonna be
seriously asking themselves how much
skill is if you shake some down with it
if he bites through I'm not if you
snapped me off I'm not he's not should
hold though it's one of my best if you
take me around that long I'm have to run
over there the camera may not get it I
really don't know who's this guy
me
I'm not gonna let you do that buddy I
don't feel like to do that
there's no running really but we've
snapped the road before what'd you do
that
there we go coming back up the main
water we should send fishy
there's a fish holy holy out
of there
okay I was not expecting that one that's
big not a goal
oh boy oh boy oh there's that I
made a long pole shot
oh we got it boys and girls
yeah look at that bitch
looking like - come on that is easy made
up holy I'm gonna try and get him
up guys but I don't like our chances
holy we actually got the fish we
were after oh my god this is a good
achievement if I fall in here I'm
screwed
oh that's heavy
oh that's
wonder buddy boy holy mother of God
holy
come on oh that is a fish in a frickin
half right there ladies and gents
yes oh my god holy holy oh my
god this is the best gear as well
lighter real lot of rod eight
to ten kilo this bastards easy 1500
on we missed one today but now we got
this one that trace is gonna have to be
cut because there is no way that puppies
coming out look at that look at the
teeth on that mother oh my god what a
magic fish and it's just in golf that
eel it has not that eels not stood a
chance
alright so what we're gonna do is time
up and then get a few pictures of him
he's gonna go back of course then how go
with that tracing his mouth but we're
just gonna get a few pictures now